APPSERV-55 Updates section on FT asadmin config (#720)
payara/Payara-Server-Documentation: documentation/microprofile/faulttolerance.adoc

[[fault-tolerance-configuration]]
== Fault Tolerance Configuration

Fault Tolerance can be configured by using Admin Console or Asadmin commands.

_Since *5.183*&nbsp;_

[[using-the-admin-console]]
=== Using the Admin Console

To configure the Fault Tolerance in the Admin Console, go to Configuration
→ [instance-configuration (like server-config)] → MicroProfile → Fault Tolerance:

image:/images/microprofile/fault-tolerance.png[Set Fault Tolerance Configuration]

[[using-asadmin-commands]]
=== Using Asadmin Commands

> NOTE: Since Payara 5.202 the configuration no longer allows to configure user defined pools to run the fault tolerance exection. Instead FT uses two dedicated executor pools that are well suited for the usage pattern typically experience when executing FT semantics. The maximum size of these pools is now configured instead to scale them up or down.

Author: Is this 5.201 though? Its not in the recent release but in the next.

> NOTE: Since Payara 5.202 the configuration no longer allows to configure user defined pools to run the fault tolerance exection. Instead FT uses two dedicated executor pools that are well suited for the usage pattern typically experience when executing FT semantics. The maximum size of these pools is now configured instead to scale them up or down.

Reviewer: Oh, OK then. I thought it's a documentation for the released 5.201.

> NOTE: Since Payara 5.201, the configuration no longer allows configuring user defined executor to run the fault tolerance execution. Instead, Fault Tolerance uses two dedicated executors that are well suited for the usage pattern typically experienced when executing Fault Tolerance semantics. It's possible to configure the maximum size of these pools to scale them up or down.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Since Payara 5.202, the configuration no longer allows configuring user defined executor to run the fault tolerance execution. Instead, Fault Tolerance uses two dedicated executors that are well suited for the usage pattern typically experienced when executing Fault Tolerance semantics. It's possible to configure the maximum size of these pools to scale them up or down.
```

> NOTE: Since Payara 5.201, the configuration no longer allows configuring user defined executor to run the fault tolerance execution. Instead, Fault Tolerance uses two dedicated executors that are well suited for the usage pattern typically experienced when executing Fault Tolerance semantics. It's possible to configure the maximum size of these pools to scale them up or down.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Since Payara 5.202, the configuration no longer allows configuring user defined executor to run the fault tolerance execution. Instead, Fault Tolerance uses two dedicated executors that are well suited for the usage pattern typically experienced when executing Fault Tolerance semantics. It's possible to configure the maximum size of these pools to scale them up or down.
```

|Default
|Mandatory

|`asyncmaxpoolsize`

> |The maximum size of the thread pool used to run asynchronous exection. The dedicated executor pool is dynamic will create threads on rising demand and dispose idle threads on falling demand. Changes to this configuration take effect without restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The maximum size of the thread pool used to run asynchronous execution. The dedicated executor will create threads dynamically on rising demand and dispose idle threads on falling demand. Changes to this configuration take effect without restart.
```

|`1000`
|no

|`delaymaxpoolsize`

> |The maxium size of the thread pool used to schedule delays and detect timeouts as part of the fault tolerance exection. The dedicated executor pool is likely to use up to this number of threads. Changes to this configuration require a restart of the server to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The maximum size of the executor used to schedule delays and detect timeouts as part of the Fault Tolerance execution. The dedicated executor is likely to use up to this number of threads. Changes to this configuration require a restart of the server to take effect.
```
